What!
OK, I see.
What's up?
Xuan Feng, go down to dinner with my mother first
I'm going out with Bing Yao to chat about something
It was Xuefeng who helped me bring the crown back
What's up?
Pluto issues final collaboration with the enemy
If you don't agree within 12 hours
The North Gate will cease to exist
What is the Nordic Pluto doing with the Nordic giants?
They opened up to every big house.
Trillions in protection money
In fact, I just want to enter the main building
Let the wealthy become their wealthy
Funding its terrorist forces in northern Europe
You came to see me a few days ago
I'm afraid the marriage proposal is fake
Is it true to ask for my help?
It's true that I don't ask you for help
But I like you more
From you on the Nordic Great Wall
Destroyed the Night King's Skeleton Army
Announce the beginning of the rise of Kowloon Hall
I already like you, don't worry.
I'll figure it out.
What are you going to do?
I'll talk to Hades first
Give me Hades' contact information in a minute
Don't worry, the Zhang family will be fine
I know my dad said
The only one who can stop Hades is you
It's true that Hades is evil
His men are also suicide bombers
Even the heads of state have asked them to be afraid of three points
But it's not a problem for me.
Let me talk to Hades first